=head1 NAME

4webm - A simple webm converter for 4chan.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Script:
$ perl 4webm.plx -i|--input INPUT [options] [arguments]

Standalone:
$./4webm -i|--input INPUT [options] [arguments]

 Options:
   -h    | --help         brief help message
   -man  | --man          full documentation

   -a    | --audio	  audio flag
   -au   | --autocrop     enables automatic cropping
   -b    | --board	  board name
   -e    | --end          end point
   -f    | --force        skips confirmation dialogue
   -i    | --input	  (REQUIRED!) input file name
   -k    | --keep         keeps intermediate outputs
   -l    | --library      path to ffmpeg or SvtVp9EncApp
   -le   | --legacy       selects VP8+VORBIS
   -m    | --margin 	  margin value
   -o    | --output       output file name
   -q    | --quality	  quality value
   -r    | --recognise    song finder/audio recognition
   -ra   | --random       randomise file name
   -s    | --start	  start point
   -t    | --svt-vp9	  SVT-VP9 encoder
   -v    | --speed	  speed value
   -x    | --extra	  extra ffmpeg arguments
         | --extra-svt    extra SVT-VP9 arguments

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--help>

Prints a short SYNOPSIS and exits.

=item B<--man>

Prints this page and exits.

=item B<--input>

REQUIRED!
Specifies the input file to be used, output file name will be "inputfilename_DATE_TIME.webm". Multiple input files and folders can be specified at once. 

EXAMPLE: -i inputfilename.mp4 or -i input1.mp4 -i input2.mov -i ./inputfolder1
	  
=item B<--audio>

Toggles audio and allows for a bitrate specification (optional).
Can only be used in conjunction with boards: /wsg/,/wsr/,/gif/. Override possible by specifying
a board and putting ",1" after the board identifier.

DEFAULT: OFF (no audio)

EXAMPLE: -a, -a 128

=item B<--autocrop>

Enables automatic cropping. Works best with dark borders. By default, checks borders 1s into the video.

DEFAULT: OFF
EXAMPLE: -au, --autocrop 2

=item B<--board>

Used to specify the target board. This automatically sets all board limitations. Audio override possible by specifying
a board and putting ",1" after the board identifier.

DEFAULT: /g/ (4MiB, 120s, no audio)

EXAMPLE: -b wsg, -b tv,1 

Custom board parameters can also be specified. These can either be given individually or at once separated by ",". The order is fixed and the minimum required parameters are: MAX FILE SIZE in MiB and MAX DURATION in s

CUSTOM BOARD: --board custom,[MAX FILE SIZE in MiB],[MAX DURATION in s],[AUDIO COMPAT. (0=off, 1=on)],[MAX. RESOLUTION (values separated by "x" or ":")]

EXAMPLE: --board custom,12,600,1,4096x4096 or -b custom -b 12 -b 600 -b 1 -b 4096x4096

=item B<--start>



=item B<--end>

These flags can be used to specify start and/or end times for the input file. Similar to FFMPEG's "-ss" and "-to".
Format hh:mm:ss.ms, but can be shortened beginning with ss, e.g. ss.ms or mm:ss.ms

DEFAULT: (full media length)

EXAMPLE: -s 12.690

         -e 00:05:30.000

         --start 00:00:15.000 --end 2:20.000

=item B<--legacy>

Sets the encoders to libvpx (VP8) and libvorbis. Only to be used for compatibility purposes.

DEFAULT: (off -> VP9 + OPUS)

EXAMPLE: -le, --legacy

=item B<--library>

Can be used to point to a custom FFMPEG and SVT-VP9 location. Takes priority over the included binaries and any binaries found in $PATH
Assumes that both FFMPEG and FFPROBE are in the same directory!

DEFAULT: ($PATH or included binaries)

EXAMPLE: -l /path/to/ffmpeg_folder, --library C:\path\to\ffmpeg_folder --library C:\path\to\svtvp9_folder

=item B<--keep>

Forces the script to keep intermediate outputs. Suggested when SVT-VP9 is hanging and needs multiple restarts.

DEFAULT: OFF
EXAMPLE: --keep

=item B<--keyframe>

Specifies a custom intra-frame spacing.

DEFAULT: AUTO
EXAMPLE: --keyframe 240

=item B<--margin>

The --margin setting can be used to adjust the automatically determined bitrate. A negative value INCREASES, a positive value DECREASES
the final bitrate. This can be used to increase quality or decrease file sizes. The script automatically suggests a margin value after a
successful encoding pass.
Multiple margin adjustments may be required.

DEFAULT: 0

EXAMPLE: -m 50, --margin -469.42

=item B<--output>

Specifies an output file name (without file handle). If not set, the output name will default to "inputfilename_DATE_TIME.webm"
If the name contains unicode characters, it needs to be delimited by "".

DEFAULT: (inputfilename_DATE_TIME.webm)

EXAMPLE: -o "outputfilename"

=item B<--quality>

Sets the "-quality" flag of libvpx-vp9. Does nothing for VP8.

DEFAULT: good

EXAMPLE: -q best

=item B<--random>

Randomises output file name in a 4chan-style format.

DEFAULT:

EXAMPLE: -ra

=item B<--recognise>

Demuxes audio from input and sends it off to a third party website (audd.io) for audio recognition. A public API token is provided,
but in case of rate limitation, users may provide their own by creating a file called "api_token.txt" in the root directory
with the api token in plain text. Please refer to audd.io's privacy policy in order to know how the data is handled.

DEFAULT:

EXAMPLE: -r

=item B<--svt-vp9>

Sets the VP9 encoder to SVT-VP9.

DEFAULT: off -> libvpx-vp9

EXAMPLE: --svt-vp9

=item B<--speed>

Sets the "-speed" parameter for libvpx-vp9 or SVT-VP9. Does not affect VP8.
Ranges from 0-5 for libvpx-vp9 (0-8 if quality = realtime) and 0-9 for SVT-VP9.

DEFAULT: <720p -> 1, >=720p -> 2

EXAMPLE: --speed 0

=item B<--extra>

The extra flag can be used to specify additional flags to be handed over to FFMPEG.

DEFAULT: (no extra arguments)

EXAMPLE: --extra "-vf scale=-1:720"

=item B<--extra-svt>

The extra-svt flag can be used to specify additional flags to be handed over to SVT-VP9.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

4webm is a simple perl script used for the automated conversion of non-4chan "compliant" input media. The script determines appropriate bitrates and other options and hands them over to FFMPEG.

=cut
